welcome to the Central Park Zoo just
smile and wave boys today we're gonna
blow this dump they had the best of
everything just doesn't get any better
than this
you know until they want it a night on
the town let's go
what come on we can be back by morning
the Penguins are going
we've been ratted out boys good evening
officers now they're being set way out
of town oh great this is just great
this could be the best thing that's ever
happened to us no no no no no no no
[Music]
let's go back to New York
then still there we just gotta ask these
bozos where the people are how you doing
we're just trying to find out where
[Music]
David Schwimmer nature it's all over
Jada pinkett-smith Oh Evie DreamWorks
Animation where are you Giants from
we're from New York oh hey didn't you
your dad they're out of the zoo
navigation without a clue
don't give me excuses give me results
Madagascar talk to him Alex you know go
over there and give him a little pep
talk
[Music]
[Applause]